Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
They said my dad was a ship captain.
But he drowned?
So sad. right?
If my dad drowned at sea.
my mom drowned in tears.
That's just a picture!
Lui thought it was just a toy.
That's enough! Let's eat!
Two of them in one grave?
Well. that's just my fate.
I was left alone
because of ridiculous love.
Good morning. Philippines.
Here are today's
top breaking news.
An attempted rape case
at a company outing is going viral.
The suspect is allegedly the son
of one of the company's owners.
The victim is an intern
whose identity has not been disclosed.
Rapists should be castrated.
We are still waiting here for updates
regarding the attempted rape case.
Netizens are speculating
about the identity of the alleged suspect.
founded by billionaire
Mr. Lorenzo Fernando Madas.
-Ma'am!
-Attorney!
-Could you tell us about the case?
-Ma'am!
But like I told the fiscal earlier…
we don't want their money.
I want him in jail!
You're right. He deserves that.
MDZ Construction is the biggest
real estate group here in the Philippines.
It would be easy for Mr. Madas IV
to leave the country if he wanted to.
and Filipinos
will forget about this issue.
But what about your child?
She'll be left here
in the Philippines.
Your child still has a long life
ahead of her. ma'am.
Just imagine. once this issue explodes.
everyone will know of your daughter.
All your secrets will come out.
People will dig up every dirt on you.
It will taint her reputation.
It will follow her at school.
at your church. in her future job.
her career. on social media… Everywhere.
Everyone will know her
as that girl.
"The one… who got raped."
Most mothers want education
to shape their children's future.
Would you rather this scandal
shaped yours?
We will never agree to a settlement!
Ma'am.
no matter how many milkfish
you debone in Malabon.
you'll never hope to give your family
this kind of money.
Is your pride more important
than your family's future?
You're also a woman.
How could you be
so cruel to another?
Double your offer.
Child!
We'll settle.
You're really something. Attorney.
Attorney Maria Luisa Manuel.
You handled the nepo babies case.
There you go again
with the guilt-tripping.
At least I'm not some
defender-slash-enabler for MDZ.
I fight for
the oppressed.
The question is. do you win?
Cuz. so how was your blind date?
You know. cuz? Total waste of time.
and he has a kid.
you're 39.
Your senior citizen discount
is waving at you!
Maybe lower your standards a bit.
so you can find some baby boy
to cuddle you till the day you die.
Good thing the relocation
for Bliss residents is underway.
I want ground broken in two years.
I'm not waiting another five.
I guess this is okay.
Come on. ma'am is here.
Next year. I won't be
able to visit you anymore.
Once I'm in the US. I'll probably
only come back every five years.
Tell Mr. Kim to release
the relocation budget
for the Bliss residents.
The payout?
Yes. the payout.
So they won't sign
that signature campaign. okay?
It's so dark out here.
Not even a single streetlight.
Oh. my gosh. it's so dark.
Oh. a cat!
A cat!
-No! This can't be!
-Wait. ma'am.
-No. it can't be!
-Please. calm down.
-No. this can't be!
-Okay. wait.
Let's inhale. exhale.
I remove it. then it comes back.
I remove it again. and it comes back.
Over and over.
-What is this? What's going on?
-Okay. let's calm down.
Attorney Maria Luisa Manuel.
-What?
-Ma'am. wait a second. please.
What? Miss? Wait. Miss?
Why are we only finding out
there's a mistake
when the client is already in heaven?
Mary Jane Alcantara
still had one month left to live!
I double-checked it. chief.
We can't keep making
these careless mistakes!
What do you think this is?
A corrupt government office?
Chief! Chief! Emergency!
There's been a name mix-up.
They have identical names.
One is an elderly woman.
sick but happily living.
surrounded by people who love her.
The other is a workaholic.
Here. chief.
She's alive!
The younger one isn't supposed
to die until 2062.
How long before
we can swap souls again?
About a week. chief.
What about Mrs. Alcantara?
She's already ascended to heaven.
but she still had one month left on earth.
That's exactly the problem. chief.
That one month is wasted.
She could've created
new memories with her loved ones.
Please sit down. ma'am Lui Manuel.
Where am I supposed to sit here?
Yes. please have a seat.
You are currently
at the Afterlife Relay Center.
All souls pass through here
before they fully ascend to heaven.
You did. ma'am.
My BMI is excellent.
And not to brag. I do Hyrox.
Solo. Pro. Sub-one. Yeah.
Ms. Manuel.
-I have a lot of deadlines.
-Calm down. Calm down. Keep calm.
Have a seat first.
I understand.
It must be bitter realizing you're dead.
Especially since you're still so young.
That's why we have a suggestion.
We have a special program here
for souls who cannot accept their passing.
We can send you back
to the world of the living.
Do I qualify for that?
Yes. you're qualified.
Thank you. thank you so much.
But for that to happen.
you'll need to cooperate with us.
You need to live someone else's life.
There is one soul who ascended
to heaven one month too early.
You must take her place
to finish the life she had left.
And once you complete it and return here.
we can send you
back to your original life.
What about how I look?
We'll take care of that.
Of course. there are rules.
You cannot reject the life she has.
And you cannot do anything
connected to your old life.
No two-timing.
If you don't like it.
you may proceed to heaven instead.
We do have a flight
going to heaven. right?
This is my competitors chance
to catch up to my career.
I'll take your glasses first. ma'am.
Go ahead. It's okay.
All right. slowly now.
Okay.
What the… Is the panty-snatcher here?
I'll sue you!
Trespassing? Did he break in?
That bastard broke in?
Hey! Seriously! If I get you.
I swear you'll be sorry!
Looks like everything's here.
What are you even doing in my room?
-Your room?
-Yes.
But you're wearing my face
on your underwear.
There. look.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Not now.
I'm gonna be late.
I know what this is. You're copying
something you watched last night. right?
Which actress is that? Which actress?
I'll throw something at you!
No! No! Not that!
Is that from a new movie? I don't really
get to watch anything anymore.
Sorry. I've just been so busy.
I got it! Classic horror!
Kris Aquino! Feng Shui!
Isn't it?
I gotta potty! Come on! It's already noon!
What was that?
What…
Ma.
I'm eating noodles every day
until you enroll me in an acting workshop.
Why should I care?
Who the hell are you?
And wait. is this a hostel?
Why are there so many people?
So that's how it is. No more titles.
G.
If I make three points. you'll enroll me
in that workshop. okay? Me first.
Your life must be really sad. Ginny.
Oh. you're Ginny?
I'm not Ginny. You are.
That's the clue! Jeez!
Ma!
Whose kid are you?
Yours!
My allowance.
Oh. my God. you're my kids?
Ma. hurry! I'm gonna be late!
Me too. Ma. Hurry!
Wait… I don't know.
Hurry up!
-Here.
-Bye!
I'm gonna be late. I'm gonna be late.
-Dad!
-Hey!
Did you sleep early last night?
Let's eat. Come on. breakfast.
Where's the food?
Breakfast?
You didn't cook anything?
But you're the wife.
Wow. it's 2026.
Is sexism still a thing?
Mom. what's sex?
Well. that's how
your parents made you---
That's just your mom saying
she finds me sexy.
Because she's madly in love with me.
All right. all right.
I'm gonna be late. I'll just eat
at the canteen. okay?
Hi. Jane!
-Hi. Jane!
-It's Jane.
Hi. Jane!
Hello?
Excuse me.
You should've just made me
a crocodile caretaker at the zoo.
That would've been fine.
Okay. just make me something else…
A surgeon! I can be a surgeon!
I'd rather deal with blood.
Why would you do this to me?
How could you?
Ma!
You left this!
-That's mine?
-Yes. you left it at home!
So I'm only 36 here.
But why does my face
have so many wrinkles now?
Come on. Ma! I'm gonna be late!
Good morning. Mr. Alfie.
You're so cute.
Good morning. Justin!
Thank you. sir!
Such a good boy! Hey. Jane!
Thanks again for the…
-bagoong you gave me the other day.
-Bagoong?
Yes. For me.
Are you Jaja's mother?
Oh. no!
Are you Jaja?
Mom. why would I be Jaja? I'm Justin.
So Jaja's that little miss troublemaker.
Well! I want you to know
that I saw your child on the CCTV monitor
tearing down the posters on the stairway!
And I also want you to know
that I spent money on those posters!
Do you understand that?
Are we close?
Well. if by "close." you mean…
we laugh together once in a while.
but sometimes. definitely not.
Wait. Why? What's the issue?
And two. did I give you bagoong. too?
-Why?
-Because I could smell it from you!
-How dare you!
-I can smell your bad breath!
-What?
-Huh?
-Did you say something?
-Me? Say something? Did you?
You have something to say?
Your tricycle is here!
Oh. no! Ma! Come on. Ma!
It's too early for this!
-Hello. Justin!
-Justin. how are you?
Justin really is such a cutie!
What happened to you?
Why did you wake up late again?
Girl. I've got some leche flan here.
take some!
Mom. the tricycle is here.
-Go on. Hurry.
-Bye!
Hold on tight! Be careful!
Hey!
Where are you going?
You said you wanted a side gig. right?
Come on! We got a quick hustle for you!
Yay! Thank you. oppa! You're so cute!
It's heavy.
-He's so good at Tagalog. isn't he?
-Yes. he is!
He looks like a character
from a Korean drama.
Hey! What's wrong with you?
Here you go. They gave us
ten notebooks each.
Virgie and the others
were only given eight!
Sorry. I'm vegan.
Oh. really?
Me. I'm from Cabanatuan.
You are?
I'm from Lucban.
I'm from Alaminos.
You're being so weird. Jane!
What's wrong with her today?
Okay. stop! Stop!
Her. have some isaw!
Hurry up. or my sister here
will grill you next.
I bet you're just hungry!
Here. eat some isaw!
I'll just have tofu!
I meant tokwa. Tokwa!
Sis! Give us tofu here. Single order.
Can we have some vinegar with extra chili?
-Okay. dig in.
-Has the villain given birth yet?
Ever since you gave birth.
you've been glued to those TV series.
That's what's happening here.
How old was I when
I had a kid again?
Why are you asking me?
Ask your uterus!
Hey. you were 19. right? Did you forget?
Hey…
-What's happening. Jane?
-What the heck!
Maybe she's already having
pregnancy cravings.
-Bathroom?
-There's no bathroom here!
There's one over there!
-What?
-Cat!
How are you holding up?
What cat?
It wasn't the cat talking.
it was me!
You told me you understood the rules.
So why does it look like
you want to get caught?
This is a triple whammy!
Look at me. I'm poor. I'm married.
and I'm a mother?
You don't want to go back
to your old life anymore?
Then follow the rules!
Adapt!
Miss Manuel.
your return to your old life
depends on this.
Remember.
all good things in life
have to be worked for.
This isn't my life!
She's yours now.
One month.
If you mess this up…
What now?
So that's why it smells like
a wet market in here.
He married me at 19.
got me pregnant twice.
There's nothing in the pantry.
the appliances are all broken.
And all my clothes… I'm not inspired
to be productive at all.
How am I supposed to be
a top-notch housewife like this?
It's time for them to be healthy.
Justin's kid wants green.
Ma'am. the total is 7.807 pesos.
Do you have delivery?
So next time I'll just order online.
Ma'am. this is a shopping card.
not a credit card.
How about this one?
-Is this your ID?
-This one.
That's a transit pass card.
Ma'am. this card is for the arcade.
This one's also a transit pass. ma'am.
Ma'am. I don't know what this
last card you handed me is.
This one's cracking at the edges.
It looks like you're using it
as a door shimmy.
Come on. she's taking too long!
The line is so long! Is this City Hall?
She can't even afford everything she took.
Take my cash.
Whatever fits into three thousand pesos.
Worth three thousand pesos. Okay.
Careful with that.
You again?
Are you following me?
I saw you outside. We got here first.
Maybe you're the one following us.
You know what.
I'll let your attitude slide.
As long as you buy
my gourmet tuyo. Five bottles.
I don't eat tuyo.
What? You don't eat tuyo?
Maybe you meant
you don't eat gourmet tuyo.
'Cause you can't afford it.
and you probably can't spell it.
G-O-U-R-M-E…
Wait. You know what. maybe you're the one
who can't spell gourmet. Go on!
What comes after "E"?
What the…
"Y." obviously!
It's "T." actually!
Even my kid knows more than you.
Aren't you full of yourself!
As if you have anything to brag about!
You're a family of dropouts!
Honestly. I wouldn't be surprised
if that kid of yours ends up the same way!
Whatever! I'm leaving!
I'm just here to sell gourmet tuyo.
not join a freaking quiz bee!
Weren't you going upstairs?
M-I-N-E. Take that!
Don't worry. I won't tell people
you pooped yourself back in school.
Dad! That only happened once!
Exactly! Don't worry.
I've got your back!
I mean. it's not like
we should be announcing
you pooped all over
your skirt back then.
You're so annoying. Dad.
Just kidding.
I'll throw you over the rail!
Boss. sorry. sorry.
What's this?
Where's dinner?
This is dinner.
All of it is dinner.
What's this about. wifey?
You lectured me about this.
Didn't you say that
even if we're tight on money.
we shouldn't skimp on food.
especially at dinner.
There has to be meat on the table.
So. you mean to say that even
though we're struggling.
you don't want vegetables?
And where's the rice?
Where's the rice?
There's rice. Right there.
Cauliflower rice.
Tastes like cardboard.
You need to eat that
so you'll get better at acting.
What's with this gimmick. Mom?
You're just punishing me!
You know I hate veggies!
We need to focus on the agenda
because I have an announcement.
I've realized that Jane. that is me.
has been serving you
for 15 years.
Fourteen years for you.
Me?
And six years for you.
Right?
What does that even mean?
You were born dramatic. weren't you?
I knew you'd react like this.
So let me say this. Since I have heart.
unlike some people.
I'll be going on a vacation.
Vacation?
Where? When?
I'll stay with my parents.
In the province.
Anywhere. soon!
Well. Dad and I. we can handle ourselves.
But what about Justin?
We'll hire a nanny.
Ha-ha-ha! Wow. slay!
You can't even enroll me
in an acting workshop.
but we can afford a nanny?
Don't talk to your mom like that.
okay? That's wrong.
Wifey…
What are you talking about?
A vacation?
You're from Navotas. born and bred.
And your parents
have been gone for years.
I'm an orphan?
Wifey. let's talk. Sit down beside me.
I'd rather stand.
And. yes. we really need to talk.
By the way. that project
awarding's next week.
-What's that?
-Like last year's event.
The party at City Hall.
You work at City Hall?
Wow. you make it sound so lame.
Yes. I've been working
at City Hall ever since.
Makes sense.
City Hall.
That's why we don't even have
a credit card for groceries.
You're the one who said not
to get a credit card
because if we had one. we'd just be
tempted to borrow more.
And what groceries are you
even talking about?
The wet market is just nearby.
The wet market?
Really?
You're cute.
I know that look.
I know what you want.
-Are the kids asleep?
-Probably!
Then game on!
Hey!
What are you doing?
What's that?
You want to role-play in English?
Put your clothes on.
Put your shirt back on!
Now you want me dressed?
Fine. no problem.
I'll get dressed for you!
Ma'am. go!
Why am I even here?
-Why?
-Huh?
How did we even get here?
You said the kids were asleep!
No! I was wrong!
They're wide awake!
Wake up!
Be quiet!
That hurts!
Why are you doing this?
Don't you want baby time?
Hey. if you don't want baby time…
Hey. if you don't want baby time.
you could've just told me.
You didn't have to break my bones!
-There!
-You wanna go that way? Okay. fine.
Speaking of kids.
why did you get me pregnant at 19?
Do you even know
what a condom is?
Or did you poke holes in it?
You poked holes in it. didn't you?
Which shall be punished by
reclusion perpetua. Do you even know that?
Wifey. you're scaring me.
you have abs. and you're tall!
You got me pregnant not once but twice.
and you made me live here in Bliss!
You just keep shooting blanks
with nothing to show for!
Are you unhappy with our life?
I'm sorry. wifey. Sorry…
I won't sleep beside you tonight.
It's hot.
Wifey was in a mood last night.
I honestly don't know what I did wrong.
Bro.
let me tell you something.
If you really want to
calm the wife down.
simply start with…
"You're right. Annabelle."
Wait.
Your wife's name is Tricia!
"You're right. Annabelle."
Tell Jane you're thinking of separating.
Are you insane?
What if she actually leaves me?
What's my life even for if that happens?
Am I done?
Let me finish.
It's just a bluff.
So you can figure out
why your wife's gone cold.
Because if…
If she agrees way too easily to break up.
you can bet there's another guy.
That's how I caught my first wife.
Good morning. Engineer.
Could you maybe take a look at this?
What's this?
The proposal. sir.
Again?
We already talked about this. didn't we?
Stop showing that to me.
Well… Yes. sir.
but if this goes through.
nearly 5.000 residents will be relocated--
"If"? It's definitely happening.
Right? We already agreed on that.
Don't create more problems.
I feel bad for the people there.
I'll feel bad for myself if I have to buy
meds to deal with you. Pain in the ass.
Who's the chief engineer here?
You want to switch positions?
-No. see if you can do better.
-Is this the document we're signing?
Yeah.
-Here. Have you signed already?
-Yep. signed it.
What's that?
It's the signature campaign
the students are passing around
to stop the condo project
from pushing through.
So what if it does push through?
We'll get relocated to the mountains!
You'd better sign it. Jane.
Just sign it! I'm telling you. If not.
they'll dump us in the mountains.
Wow. you're sounding like a natural
English-speaker these past few days
She really can't move on. goodness.
Maybe that's what happens when you…
I knew it!
The total is 49.738.
You're short again. aren't you?
Is this a prank?
Are you a vlogger?
You doing this for content?
That's just my platinum card. okay.
Don't make me pull out the titanium.
Because I might just buy
this whole grocery and you. too.
Show them! Show them!
You can still vote for electives.
And there's a ton of projects left.
Did you finish the science homework?
-Not yet.
-Hey!
Are you okay?
Did it hit you?
In the heart.
I mean… No. I'm good.
Wait.
How do you know me?
We're from the theater group.
A lot of people actually know you.
Okay.
Come on.
Girl. did you say "I do"?
Mom says all moms
get that kind of sickness!
I thought it was just my mom!
Why don't you just
bring her to the hospital.
so she gets better?
She's scared of hospitals!
Scared of injections?
No! Of the bills!
Just buy her medicine instead.
Okay. but what's the name of the medicine?
Mom says generic ones are cheaper.
So what do I even ask for
when I get to the counter?
Just say it's for menopause!
Are you alone?
What do you need?
Medicine for menopause. please.
My mom's sick.
If she doesn't get better.
they might separate.
And I'll end up homeless.
Sleeping on the streets…
I'll live and die there.
So please. can I buy the medicine?
So this family can at least
eat something decent.
-Mom!
-What the… A cat!
What?
Your vitamins.
Yes. Mom. So you'll feel better.
Now this kid's dragging me
into his games. too!
Hurry! Drink it!
It's so sour!
We need to talk.
Right now. Sit down.
I spent four hours cooking this for us.
So what do we need to talk about?
I kept thinking all day
about what you said to me. wifey.
Lui.
can you
just call me Jane?
Jane?
"Wifey" sounds corny.
You're right. Jane.
we did rush into marriage.
Right.
You were only 19 then.
But the way you courted me.
you were like a desperate fifty-year-old
running out of time.
You followed me everywhere.
Home. school. the jeep. every corner.
You were everywhere.
And when I finally said yes.
you're the one who wanted
to push things further.
I brought three condoms that night.
Remember what you did with them?
You burned them.
And now you're calling me a rapist?
Unbelievable!
I'm not perfect. Jane.
But I'd die first before I do that crime
you're accusing me of.
Me?
I burned the condom?
I don't even know what's happening
to you anymore!
But this is the first time you've been
so cruel to me. my wifey.
Jane. Just Jane!
Then let's just end this!
That's what you want. right?
If you really think this life of ours
is worthless. fine! I won't force you.
Well? Answer me! Say something!
Let's separate!
Isn't that what you want?
Who am I to stop you?
Don't worry.
I won't force myself on you.
You're free to do whatever
makes you happy!
I'll be the one to leave.
Fine. I'll go.
Right? That's what you want?
I'll pack my things. I'm leaving.
I'm leaving!
Don't come looking for me. okay?
See? I'm packing now.
There. I'm going. I'm leaving you!
I'm leav…
I'm really going!
You can't stop me!
I'm serious!
I can live without a wife!
I'll leave tomorrow. It's late!
If only you knew.
you're destined
to be a widower anyway.
What's for dinner?
I'm starving to death!
So dramatic!
Wow. So that's really
how you all see Jane. huh?
Your slave.
Jane. what's all this?
Why'd you buy something this expensive?
What is all this?
Where did you get the money?
Two thousand pesos?
You went shopping?
For candles?
What's this? Why is there a blender.
a rice cooker. a microwave?
Where'd you get the money?
Did you borrow it?
Did you spend all our salary?
Relax!
Calm down. guys. Can I talk?
I bought all of that for you!
You need those things!
Especially the candles.
You know. they're great
for absorbing bad odors.
Hey. my poop doesn't stink!
Dad. please!
I told you to stop bringing up
that time I pooped myself!
I bought those with my own money.
Your money? What do you mean?
Didn't we agree there's no "mine"
or "yours" in this relationship?
It's our money!
You were the one who said that.
-What do you mean. "our"?
-The…
I…
We're not done talking yet.
Coming!
Is Miss Jane Alcantara here?
She just lent me the card.
I'm friends with Attorney Luisa.
Attorney Luisa Manuel?
Really?
Luisa Manuel?
That's still against the law.
And besides. Attorney Manuel is in a coma.
So. ma'am. how did you steal this?
Sir. watch your words.
Looks like your wife thought
she could get away with it.
I mean. anyone who looks at her.
would immediately
know it's not her ID.
Just look at her.
She looks like a washed-up old hag.
I saw Lui's picture.
She looks like a movie star.
So just admit it already.
You stole this. didn't you?
Do you want me to sue everyone here?
Wifey. let's go.
You can't leave!
Sit down!
Sir. with all due respect.
we are cooperating with you.
But you can't just accuse us like that.
Especially my wife.
Under Republic Act 7438.
even if we were invited here.
this is not an arrest.
And since we are cooperating voluntarily.
we're free to leave anytime we want.
Unless you want us to file a case
against you for unlawful arrest.
Are you a lawyer?
No. sir.
I just know the law.
And…
I work at the City Hall.
Also.
Attorney Luisa Manuel and I
were classmates
in law school back in 2004.
I just dropped out because…
Well. I just dropped out.
And Attorney Luisa is a very kind person.
So maybe when she found out my wife
and I were having financial problems.
she lent us her card.
There. Are we clear?
Do you understand now?
Sorry. sir.
Not to me. To my wife.
I apologize for suspecting you.
Sorry for the trouble.
Sir. that's not enough.
You insulted her earlier.
You should apologize for that too.
For the insult. sir.
-Insult?
-Yes. sir.
Sorry. ma'am. You don't look like
a washed-up old hag.
Still not enough.
-She's beautiful.
-Go on. sir. Tell her.
You have a certain kind of beauty.
Louder. sir.
-You have a certain kind of beauty.
-There!
-Yes!
-With feelings!
You're beautiful!
There we go!
So he studied law. too.
Why don't I remember him?
What a waste.
If he had finished. he'd probably
have a decent job now.
This is humiliating.
Why did you even do that?
You know. I could explain
everything to you.
but you wouldn't believe me.
Okay. okay.
Just return the card to Luisa. all right?
And apologize to her. too.
I'll handle drafting a contract
on how we'll pay her back monthly
for what we spent.
Thank you.
You know. I'm not a suspicious person.
but with the way you've been acting.
I can't help but wonder if…
Is there another man?
Me?
Did you forget that
I'm a wife with two kids?
So basically. I'm taking care
of three people.
Where exactly
would I find the time to flirt?
I…
What…
I believe you.
Hey. bro.
May I bother you for a moment?
Hold on. Jane.
A cat!
Why do you keep
popping out of nowhere?
I've got to hand it to you.
Ever since you started living this life.
you've managed to…
First.
almost separate this couple.
Second.
steal a credit card.
And third.
get yourself arrested.
Doesn't look like you're taking
your task very seriously.
That's why everything
I bought was for the house.
A lot of people would kill
for the chance you have right now.
And if you don't want it anymore.
just say so.
Wifey. let's go.
Want to buy duck egg. miss?
-No! No to relocation!
-Did you hear?
In five years.
that creek's gonna turn into a condo!
What?
And the covered court?
They're putting up a mall there
with a glass elevator and everything.
-What? Really?
-Yeah! That's what I heard too!
-And those tangled electric cables--
-Yeah?
They're gonna remove them
and run everything underground!
They can do that?
How are they gonna do that?
That's kinda cool!
-Huh?
-How?
Yeah.
I've already spoken
to the residents. and they said.
they'll only relocate once they receive
the amount they're demanding.
You must work in a call center.
Your English sounds impressive!
Even if the couple
barely earns anything.
they still manage to help other people.
And she even has savings!
Here. your vitamins.
Drink up. Ma. Please.
Mama. you're strong now!
You're getting better!
Who is it?
Dad!
-Where's your mom?
-She's here.
Go over there first.
Gotta talk to your mom.
Do you work out?
Yes.
So I won't look worn out.
By the way.
that party at the City Hall.
the project awarding…
That's tomorrow.
Wanna come?
Wifey?
We just got this
from a secondhand store.
Do you hate it?
It's too much.
-What?
-You look too beautiful!
Come on! Let's eat.
Hello. sir. I'm Julian Alcantara
from the Road and Drainage Division.
Of course!
You're Engineering's heartthrob.
Thank you. sir.
My wifey. this is Engineer Pereo.
He's our city engineer and basically
the big boss around here.
Good evening. Jane.
I've read your project proposal.
You have my approval.
We're really working hard on that. sir.
But upper management wants
a new project to be implemented.
Sir. I actually have a proposal
for a sidewalk
rehabilitation project. sir.
Isn't this the redevelopment project
by MDZ Construction?
-Right?
-Yes. sir.
Sir. that hasn't been finalized yet.
Actually. sir.
I've already seen Julian's proposal.
It's good. But with our current budget.
we might allocate it to other buildings.
Sir. actually. sidewalk rehabilitation
would really help the community.
Would you like to eat first. sir?
All right. let's eat first. sir.
Let's stay here so you can try everything.
Actually. sir. they already
have their own table.
They'll join us.
The missus. too.
Let's go.
It's very obvious these people
are benefiting from government projects.
Let's see if they can answer
the questions I'm going to ask.
Mr. Pereo. may I ask something?
I'm just curious.
why do we rebuild roads
every single year?
Isn't that a waste of money?
Well. they're not built to last.
so they need constant repairs.
Then why don't we build them properly
in the first place?
So the money actually
goes a long way. right?
What are you talking about?
Dear. let's just let them do their jobs.
They know what they're doing.
Ma'am. I'm genuinely interested.
What. are you only interested in parties?
My apologies.
My wife really does ask a lot
of questions. doesn't she?
Easy now…
Maybe we should balance
both budget and time
when it comes
to building infrastructure.
Right?
Mrs. Alcantara.
project development isn't that simple.
It's in the law.
I read it on social media.
Dear. how long would that
redevelopment project take?
Should be five years
before it even starts.
But it seems to be moving faster now
because their attorney is handling it…
Attorney Manuel.
Well. then.
let's start tomorrow.
What was that?
Why were you acting like that?
What? I was just helping you with
your proposal in front of your boss.
But Ernest is my boss too!
I can't just disrespect him like that.
Can't you at least thank me?
I didn't ask you to do all that.
Wait a second.
What are you trying to say?
Did you bring me here just to show me off
like the other wives?
I brought you here
to treat you to a nice meal
because we haven't gone on
a proper date since we started a family.
Alcantara.
Did you really bring your wife here.
so she could shove your proposal
down our throats?
-You can't do it on your own?
-No. sir.
Wait.
It's a good proposal.
It benefits the people more.
-That's enough. Jane. Stop.
-No. no. Wait. Wait.
And one more thing.
you know what your problem is?
You keep prioritizing these big projects.
I wonder why.
You've got some nerve. ma'am.
-What?
-Sir. we'll just leave.
Let's go. come on. let's go.
You know. when someone
grows up a squatter.
they stay a squatter.
No class. no breeding.
Alcantara!
Muzzle your wife.
so she stops barking.
What did you just say?
Julian!
-Don't you dare insult my wife!
-Julian!
Insult me all you want.
but not my wife!
Typical squatter.
Did you see that. sir?
Sir. did you see that?
-Thank you.
-Please enjoy.
You know.
you didn't have to get physical.
That's easier to defend in court. too.
I would never let them
insult you like that.
They don't even know
how much you sacrifice
for so many people.
What if you get terminated?
What if we get kicked out of our place?
Then we'll sleep on the streets
happy and with dignity.
No. I'm kidding.
Of course I'd never let my family
go hungry. not even for a day.
Why did you stop law school again?
Didn't we agree not to talk about that?
It wasn't your fault.
It was my decision.
-My fault?
-No. it wasn't.
When…
When you came into my life.
you and our kids.
that's when I realized
I wasn't living just for myself anymore.
I was living for other people.
When Jaja was born.
she looked like a little cherub.
So beautiful.
Just like you. She looks exactly like you.
As beautiful as you.
The nurse handed her to me.
and when I held her
right there. in that moment.
that's when it hit me.
I said. "This is it."
"This is it.
This is my life now."
Not law school.
That's not my life anymore.
I decided to focus on
what was right in front of me.
Sorry if I got carried away there.
I guess that's what happens
when you grow up without parents.
You long for family.
You know. you can still be a father.
make good money.
With that face of yours
and those dance moves… Hey!
You could totally be a macho dancer.
Looks like my dance moves got to you. huh?
What?
-So?
-Hey. there are people around.
Hey!
Just eat already.
Cheers. my wife.
My husband.
Jane! Still up?
I love you and Jaja very much!
I love you and Justin. too!
Since you like this.
I'll cook for you.
Why are you beating up the rice like that?
You're so weird.
My allowance.
I don't have money.
Mom. what is it now?
Hold on.
Your class isn't until 9 a.m.
It's only 7 a.m.
Why are you leaving so early?
I'm just meeting a friend.
Maybe a boyfriend?
He's just a friend.
-You're in the theater group. right?
-Hmm.
Your acting still needs work.
Mom. so annoying!
My allowance.
Here. how about this.
Stitch some notebooks first.
Ten pesos per notebook.
I'll give you a hundred if you finish ten.
-Deal?
-Ten?
Mom. seriously?
Money has to be earned.
That's our new rule starting today.
Mom. what is this now?
I mean. no allowance.
You're so annoying!
-Justin…
-No. it hurts!
Let me see.
You've got a cut.
Chai. sweetheart.
can you pass me your band-aid?
Thanks. sweetie.
Very good. Hold on a sec. okay?
There. Very good!
-You okay?
-Hey! Estong!
You're all set up?
You didn't even check in with me?
Ma'am. could we do it like last time?
I'll pay the rent after I sell. ma'am!
My rules. "Pay first before you sell."
There you go again.
Out! Leave!
People who don't follow
my rules piss me off!
I thought if I asked nicely. ma'am…
I don't care!
I'm the organizer here.
-Justin. come on. let's go home.
-Mom!
Are you okay?
What's going on here?
Estong here is the problem.
He doesn't wanna pay.
He wants to sell first before paying.
That's what he did yesterday!
Didn't he pay yesterday?
He did.
But he wants to do
the same thing again today.
What if he doesn't pay?
Am I supposed
to cover for him? No way!
Then you actually don't have a basis.
You can't accuse him of a crime
he hasn't committed yet.
Tulfo?
No. ma'am. but I do have a question.
Everyone here.
did you all know there's a rent
being paid for that billboard?
-There is?
-Really?
Yes. they are!
So where's that rent money going?
Who did they even talk to
to lease that space?
Me. of course.
But I use the money. right?
I use it for the expenses here.
Why is it going to you?
Are you part of the leading council?
I know you own four units here.
but that doesn't automatically
make you the de facto leader.
You don't understand.
They entrusted me with the money
because I'm the richest tenant here.
Think about it.
If you give it to someone poor.
they might just spend it.
-Wow. seriously.
-Now. wait a second.
-Am I right?
-They entrusted you…
-Yes!
-Can I borrow that for a moment?
Did you entrust her with the money?
-We didn't.
-Did you?
Did you entrust her?
Did we even vote for her?
So you weren't voted in. Okay.
Let me explain this to you.
You could go to prison for 20 years.
Is that what you want?
Me? A scammer?
My husband used to be classmates
in law school
with the most beautiful
and famous lawyer.
Attorney Lui Manuel.
I can introduce you to her. Want that?
No. Please. let me explain.
Apologize to everyone here if you
don't want me to escalate the matter.
Estong! I'm sorry.
It's just… I'm menopausal.
You know how it is.
My emotions go up and down.
Sometimes I'm happy.
then sad… Even angry.
It all just comes out suddenly.
Don't worry.
To prove everything's clean.
I'll release a full accounting of
the community funds for everyone to see.
-There! That's right!
-Yes! That's how it should be!
As for your rent. I'm waiving
all payments this time!
There you go.
Nine pieces. That's 90 pesos.
Give me back the ten later. okay?
But you go all out when you shop!
You can't be asking me for ten pesos!
You don't run out of complaints!
Honestly. you stop whining already!
I don't mind competing with teenage girls
and their over-the-top cherry-red blush!
All right. I'm heading out!
Come in! Make yourself at home.
Wow. your house is huge.
You even have a pool?
Are you here alone?
They're in Davao. Dad's handling
some business deals.
And our maids are on day off.
All right.
Careful.
Come in. Don't be shy.
Sit down.
Just sit.
You okay?
Aren't you feeling hot?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
You're really cute. you know that?
Especially when you're flustered.
Those rosy cheeks.
Wait. what's going on?
I thought you liked me?
Yeah. but why are we going so fast?
What was that?
Bro. come on!
-You should have stayed hidden!
-Sorry. bro! Sorry. sorry.
Hassle!
Wait. are you guys filming me?
What are you planning?
This is gonna be fun. All together.
How's the princess' date?
Ja…
Jaja. what happened to you?
I'm okay. I just want to sleep.
Jaja. get up. You're not okay.
Ja. what's this?
Who did this to you? Sit. Sit.
Who did this to you?
What happened. Ja?
Talk to me. Who did this to you?
Was it your boyfriend?
Nothing. Nothing happened.
I just tripped.
Please just leave it alone.
Ja. tell me. No one can help you
if you don't speak up!
Tell me. honey. What happened to you?
Maybe I don't wanna talk about it yet.
ever thought of that?
I don't want to remember!
Just fool me. please!
Tell me everything's going to be okay!
I just need to eat it off. sleep it off!
I don't need a lawyer. okay?
I need my mom!
So yeah. I bit him.
and then I ran outside.
-Did he--
-Nothing. Mom.
Nothing happened.
I got away before he could do
what he wanted to do to me.
I don't want to go
to school anymore. Mom.
I don't want to.
I don't want to…
Don't be scared.
I'll take care of it.
As a principal. I was also shocked
by what happened.
But Andre immediately came to me
to apologize.
But we're hoping we can resolve
this through a settlement.
No matter how many milkfish
you debone in Malabon.
you'll never hope to give your family
this kind of money.
Most especially. she relies
on her scholarship. Am I right?
Mom.
Mom. let's just settle this.
What about you?
Mom. we look ridiculous here.
We're no match for them.
We don't have money to fight.
Let's just go home. Cook anything.
I'll eat it. even vegetables.
-No. no. You're going to fight.
-Mom. let's go home.
Mom. let's go home.
Remember this. okay?
We may not have power like them.
We may not be as rich as they are…
but we are not weak.
You will fight.
-Mom. let's just go home.
-You will fight.
You will fight. You will fight.
Mom…
You will fight.
I have a little knowledge of the law.
I thought you were just a housewife?
I've already made my decision.
I'm going to ruin that predator's life.
-Mrs. Alcantara--
-I know this case will be complicated.
We may lose what little savings we have.
but we will not stop
until your life is ruined.
You'll escape justice abroad? Okay. go.
But wherever you run.
I'll make sure
everyone knows you're a predator.
You will trend. or go viral?
Even become a meme.
You'll be mocked and dragged everywhere.
I'll make that happen.
And. yes. I know we don't have money.
But there are plenty of people
with money who will want to help us.
Organizations. NGOs. activists.
women's groups. women senators. Everyone.
I'll give interviews to reporters.
vloggers… Everyone. name it.
I'll sell this story turn it into a film.
a TV series. a book. everything.
So that when people hear the word "rape."
you're the face they remember.
No decent school
will ever accept you.
No business will ever partner
with you in anything you build.
I'll even find every enemy
your family has ever made
and let them use me
to bring you all down.
I'm just a housewife.
Jaja. look.
You know what. Mom.
since last week.
I thought you completely
turned into someone else.
But now I'm sure…
You're really my mom.
Good thing you didn't enroll me
in that acting workshop after all.
Why?
Because I want something different now.
Like what?
I want to be a lawyer.
Wow. that's impressive.
Let me see?
There. 15 pieces.
That'll be 150. madam.
Here's 200.
I don't have change.
Whatever's left.
that's your allowance tomorrow.
And if there's extra.
buy yourself a roll-on.
Mom. you're gonna tease me again!
My God!
That's not how it looks.
Here it is!
This is your favorite. right. Ja?
-That's mine.
-This one's for you.
Who is it?
Anybody home?
Just stay here.
Why don't you eat first?
Come in. come in.
I cooked!
Bye. wifey! Don't miss me too much.
Bye-bye. Mom!
Bye-bye. kiddo!
Jane.
Let's go to the parking lot.
Okay. Sure.
-A cat!
-Looks like everything's settled here.
Great job.
I'm proud of you.
You're feeling at home with them now.
Congrats. One week left.
You look like you don't want to go?
It's not that.
I don't know.
By the way.
how do I die here again?
A road accident.
What about the kids?
They'll lose their mom all of a sudden?
No warning at all.
I've died and lived again. but still…
there's nothing more painful
than losing a mother.
Do you want to lessen the pain?
What kind of question is that?
Give them so much love…
So much love that there's something left
they can hold on to when you're gone.
One tonkotsu ramen. ma'am.
Julian. what if
one day I suddenly disappear?
I got re-assigned to Tarlac. by the way.
You're moving?
I mean… We are?
Looks like it.
Next month.
You didn't do anything wrong. okay? Smile.
Eat while it's still hot.
Hey. your favorite customer!
Sorry. we haven't restocked yet.
That's okay. But mom's doing better now.
Still. I came back.
You know. you should hug her
more often. It works!
Is that medicine too?
The best kind!
Are you okay?
Oliver! The kid! Call an ambulance. hurry!
-What happened?
-Ambulance! Now!
Baby? Are you okay?
Oliver! The kid! Help!
Where is he?
Wait. I'll ask.
Here. This way.
Ma'am? Ma'am. excuse me.
Was a boy named Justin Alcantara
rushed in here?
Are you the parent?
Yes. I'm his mom.
Second door on the right.
Okay. Thank you. Thank you. ma'am.
Good afternoon. Doc.
We're his parents.
What happened?
Based on the tests.
your son has retinitis pigmentosa.
His vision is becoming cloudy.
which affects his balance.
It's like vertigo.
that's why he fainted.
Retinitis pigmentosa?
His retina is severely swollen.
He also has a partial retinal detachment.
So we need to act quickly.
What does he need?
He needs surgery right away
to prevent total retinal loss.
But there's still a high possibility
that his eyesight won't fully return.
How did this happen?
It could be hereditary.
He got it from me?
I only recovered
because I had two surgeries.
It was one of the reasons
I resented my mom.
Of all things she could pass on to me.
why an illness?
But how could you let this happen?
What is this? This is unfair!
How is it unfair?
Why did Justin inherit my illness?
That's not fair to the child.
He's not even my blood. right?
I'm not his real mother!
But in this reality.
you are his mother.
Whatever illness you carry.
he can inherit it.
I've made a lot of mistakes before.
In my old life.
Fine. I admit that.
So if anyone deserves punishment. it's me.
Me.
Not the child.
Don't drag the child into this.
Is this the "balance"
you were talking about?
Ma'am. sir. please stay here.
We'll take care of the child.
The operation was successful.
You can come with me now.
Can I have a moment?
You need to leave now.
Time's run out.
I warned you before
not to return to your old life
because it would disrupt the balance.
This is the result of that choice.
What about the kids? What?
What about the kids?
They'll lose their mother.
Are you saying
you want to stay here?
As Justin's mother
and Julian's wife.
even if it means
never going back to your old life?
Yes!
Yes. I'll let go of Lui.
I'll let go of Lui. This is what I choose.
I'll let go of Lui. I'll let go of Lui.
I'm choosing this life!
What the heck?
I think she has gone crazy.
If you leave now
and return to your old life.
Justin's illness
will disappear completely.
They won't remember me.
They'll have forgotten all about me!
Come on. get in.
No!
Wifey?
I was living for other people.
I believe you.
What are you doing?
I just need to say goodbye.
Just a moment. please! Please!
Let me do this. I just need
to say goodbye. please!
Stop it. Lui! Don't fight it.
Make it quick.
Justin?
Wifey. you're soaked.
Is Justin okay?
He's okay. He's fine now.
Don't worry.
I'll leave you for a bit.
I'll just go to billing. okay?
Okay.
Mom. I gotta go to school.
Ja. come here a second.
Remember this. Jaja.
whatever your dream is.
whether you want to be a lawyer…
If you want to be a lawyer.
an artist. a housewife…
As long as you're happy. okay?
And give it your whole heart.
What's the matter with you today. Mom?
No. just… Promise me.
You're in one of your moods again.
Justin's okay. He's strong.
He got that from you.
I'll get home early.
Mom?
My child. My baby.
Yes?
Mom. I thought you were leaving me.
You'll always feel your mom's presence.
I'll always be watching over you.
Mom loves you so much.
I love you too. always.
Make sure you keep…
taking your vitamins!
And always be good.
Don't be stubborn!
Yes. Mom.
My child. don't…
Don't ever forget me. okay?
Yes.
Wifey. get something to eat first.
Wifey?
My wifey.
My wifey. my love.
Don't cry anymore. That's enough.
Everything's okay.
We just need to pay the bill. right?
Don't cry.
You can handle this. right?
Where did that come from?
My husband.
You are
the smartest decision
I've ever made in my life.
You're making me nervous.
You sound like
you're running away with another man.
You're just going home to get food.
Go on. I'll take care of things here.
Don't take long. okay?
Ma'am. can you hear me?
Where are we headed. ma'am?
To Manila. please. To the hospital.
Justin…
Nurse. Nurse. the boy in the next room.
The second room. Justin Alcantara.
Ma'am. we don't have any patient
named Justin Alcantara admitted here.
What is that?
All the evidence
of MDZ's embezzlement is in there.
Why are you doing this?
Because you're more believable.
The image of
the perfect woman suits you better.
There's no such thing as a perfect woman.
A child. A home. A company.
Medicine.
Hey. Why the sudden vacation?
Just one month.
Where are you going?
El Nido?
Bohol?
Bataan? I don't know.
Anywhere.
Hey. what's that?
I'll get you some juice. Wait.
I'm sorry I tried to forget you.
I'll make it up to you.
Can you talk to her?
She won't be able to see me anymore.
My mission is over.
She won't be able to feel you either.
Let's go.
Justin?
Justin? Justin!
It's really you!
I thought I was just imagining you.
Who are you with?
Justin!
You're always running off.
I told you I'm fine. You'll hurt yourself!
Ma'am! Sorry about the trouble.
I hope my kids weren't bothering you.
Jaja just needs to…
Dad. no! I said I'm fine!
Looking for a restroom?
I know a good one. A toilet.
It's a bit far though.
Would you like me
to come with you?
Thanks for earlier.
-Oh. cat!
Sorry. sorry.
No. no. Sorry. sorry.
No. no. there's no cat.
I just… remembered you.
-You seemed familiar.
-You remember me?
Yes. I remember you.
Luisa. Attorney Luisa.
We were classmates in law school.
You've made it! I'm really proud of you.
I'm proud of you. too.
Me?
No. you're on a different level.
You really are.
But I hope you don't mind if I ask…
I heard you were in a coma?
How are you now?
Are you okay?
It was nothing.
I just slept for a while.
Really? Wasn't it difficult for you?
It was.
Especially when I woke up.
Why?
Because I was having a beautiful dream.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm